---
layout: post
title: Reviews & Testimonials
categories: [Miscellaneous, Jekyll]
---

## Career Mentoring

These are excerpts. You can read the full reviews on my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vlad-ds/). 

> I recently had the pleasure of having a career advice session with Vlad. 
He listened carefully, empathised with my questions, and offered pragmatic, tailored recommendations. 
He also helped me set up the foundations for an action plan and shared useful resources and information.

> Vlad's expertise and dedication to helping me were evident throughout our meeting. 
He took the time to thoroughly review my CV, asked insightful questions about my career goals, and genuinely 
listened to my concerns and aspirations.  He not only improved the content of my CV but also helped me understand how to 
effectively highlight my strengths and achievements.

> Vlad helped me understand that I am at an important moment in my career, a moment of transition and that 
it is important to understand this and communicate this better. 
He also helped me identify which skills I already have that are compatible with my future goals and how to develop them. 

> Vlad gave me incredibly valuable insights on shaping my career path and acing job interviews.
He has an exceptional understanding of the job market, and what sets him apart is his ability to provide personalized 
guidance that really makes a difference. Thank you, Vlad, for your excellent support!

> I had a mentoring session with Vlad and he gave me brilliant advice on how to advance my career.
He is excellent at giving tailored advice and gives concrete examples to along with it. 
I especially loved the fact that he gave me several great examples of how to use the STAR method during an interview. 
I can't recommend him enough.

## CodeMentor

> Super knowledgeable, kind and respectful person, definitely will work with Vlad longer term.

## Teacher & Teaching Assistant

I got these reviews from attendants of the Le Wagon Data Science Bootcamp
where I tutored and taught a few classes.

> I still remember the day I had a computer bug (beyond the data science environment) and Vlad couldn't rest till he 
could see that he would be able to fix that. That's the attitude. He explains the subjects very well. 
Vlad knew how to turn the tickets into opportunities to learn the right reasoning the solve the problem, going way beyond the solution itself.

> Awesome tech, presentation and solving skills. Likes to think you through, thinking outside the box.

> Vlad is a great teacher, very enthusiastic about data engineering. He was able to answer all question and was a real support during the GCP challenges. His presentation style is excellent.

> Kind, patient, fun to work with problem solver, great explanations, overall positive vibes

